Rerender the Table when rows change (#1306)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: .changeset/cuddly-brooms-sip.md

---
'@sumup/circuit-ui': patch
---

> Fixed a bug where updating Table `rows wouldn't re-render the Table.

Author: Yup, I fixed this one in the Version Packages PR

> Fixed a bug where deeply nested updates in the Table `rows` prop wouldn't update the Table.

Author: ```suggestion
Fixed a bug where updating Table `rows wouldn't re-render the Table.
```
